feat: add refuse logic to revoke a tx as co-signer (#28)
aeternity/ga-multisig-contract: README.md

    - params
        - `hash` the tx-hash of the meta transaction that should be authorized
    - can be called to confirm the currently proposed tx
- `refuse(hash)`
    - params
        - `hash` the tx-hash of the meta transaction that should be authorized
    - can be called to refuse the currently proposed tx
- `revoke(hash)`
    - params
        - `hash` the tx-hash of the meta transaction that should be authorized
    - can be called to explicitely revoke the currently proposed tx

>         - no check if the caller is the proposer of the tx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - now checks if the caller is the proposer of the tx
```

Author: yeah that was a bit of an unfortunate statement 😅

should have written sth. like "passes without an additional check if the caller is proposer of the tx" or so 🤔

Author: I consider this resolved now :)
